# The Cast

## Mudsaur

Mudsaur is the first Saur. Mudsaur can usually be found in [Yellowstone National Park](https://google.com/search?q=Yellowstone+National+Park), because there's a lot of mud there made from the bubbling [mud pots](https://google.com/search?q=Yellowstone+Mud+Pots). However, a part of the spirit of Mudsaur lives in every block of mud ever created. If Mudsaur doesn't get enough mud, he takes some of the hot geyser water and mixes it with dirt to make more mud. Mudsaur originally created the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) after the other five main Saurs ([Bulba](#bulba), [Ivy](#ivy), [Vena](#vena), [Sam](#sam), and [Hyacinth](#hyacinth)) were created.

## Bulba

Bulba is the second Saur. Unlike most Saurs, he prefers to be called Bulba, without the `-saur` suffix. Bulba used to be the Head at [Tesla Tech](#tesla-tech), then became demoted when they changed to [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech). He again became the Head of [SaurTech](#saurtech) when they changed from [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) to [SaurTech](#saurtech). Now he mainly works in the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision. He came up with [Killing Day](#killing-day), the day that occurs every other Wednesday.

## Ivy

Ivy is the third Saur. Like Bulba, he prefers to be called Ivy, without the suffix. Ivy works as Assistant Manager at the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision of [SaurTech](#saurtech). He came up with [Amnesia Day](#amnesia-day) (every Wednesday) and [Random Comments Day](#random-comments-day) (every Thursday).

## Vena

Vena is the fourth Saur. He prefers to be called Vena instead of Venasaur. Vena is the fattest saur (except for Fatsaur), weighing a googol pounds (10<sup>100</sup>); and works as Manager at the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision of [SaurTech](#saurtech).

## Sam

Sam is the fifth Saur. He prefers to be called Sam instead of Samsaur. Sam now works at [Hyacinth's Cheapo Store](#hyacinths-cheapo-store) as a sales clerk. Before that, he founded the FunDay subdivision of [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) and came up with [Stay Home Day](#stay-home-day) (Mondays), [Thank God It's Friday Day](#thank-god-its-friday-day) (Fridays), and [Shopping Day](#shopping-day) (Tuesdays).

## Hyacinth

Hyacinth is the only Saur who never worked at [SaurTech](#saurtech) or [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech). She works at her own company, [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store).

# Places

## Tesla Tech

Tesla Tech is the original name of [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) and [SaurTech](#saurtech), and is named after [Tesla](https://google.com/search?q=Tesla). It was invented by [Bulba](#bulba) (indirectly). Bulba created a very basic robot out of a car wheel that built another, more advanced robot. That robot created a more advanced bot, and so on. Eventually a robot was able to build an entire car, called a [Tesla Car](#tesla-car).

## BushBushTech

BushBushTech is the name of Tesla Tech when they changed Tesla Tech to also create other technological products, such as phones (the SaurPhone), tablets (the SaurTablet), and computers (the SaurComputr).

## SaurTech

SaurTech is the current name of BushBushTech. SaurTech has expanded into the realms of stuff other than technology, such as groceries and games. SaurTech has several subdivisions.

### FunDay

FunDay is the division of SaurTech that comes up with fun themes for the day - and gets everyone out of work. Some days they've thought of:

#### Stay Home Day

Stay Home Day occurs every Monday and is the day where everyone stays home from work. [Sam](#sam), the founder of [FunDay](#funday), thought up this day.

#### Shopping Day

Shopping Day occurs every Tuesday, and is the day when everybody goes shopping for new office supplies. Of course, some Saurs shop for other stuff too. [Sam](#sam) came up with this day.

#### Amnesia Day

Amnesia day occurs every Wednesday. On Amnesia Day, everybody forgets what they're supposed to do, and no wok end up getting done. [Ivy](#ivy) thought up the idea for this day.

#### Killing Day

After getting stabbed in the neck by a staple two days in a row, [Bulba](#bulba) came up with the most gruesome day of all, Killing Day. He invented it because he thought it would be nice to have a specified day to kill each other, instead of doing it every day. Killing Day is the day when all Saurs ask for permission to kill each other, and only occurs every other Wednesday.

#### Random Comments Day

Random Comments Day, invented by [Ivy](#ivy), is the only day when Saurs actually work. On Random Comments day, which occurs every Thursday, Saurs will randomly blurt out random comments! Here are some comments:

> "I like chicken hamburgers."

> "I play the guitar with a book."

#### Thank God It's Friday Day

Invented by [Sam](#sam), Thank God It's Friday Day is the day when everyone MUST come to work, but can leave as early as they want. Most Saurs just drive up to the building, touch it, and then go home. As you may have guessed, this day occurs on Friday.

## Hyacinth's Stores

[Hyacinth](#hyacinth) owns a lot of stores.

### Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store

Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store is a store created by [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) where rich people can buy stuff at extremely high prices. Anything you can think of (and can't think of!) is there, except anti-barf pills. Those are not allowed in the store, thanks the fact that they're copyrighted and patented by [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Pharmacy](#hyacinths-rich-guy-pharmacy)

# Myths
