# Table of Contents

 - [The Saurs](#the-saurs)
   - [Birth](#birth)
   - [Opposition Law](#opposition-law)
   - [Honorary Saurs](#honorary-saurs)
   - [Saur Math](#saur-math)
 - [People](#people)
   - [Mudsaur](#mudsaur)
   - [Bulba](#bulba)
   - [Ivy](#ivy)
   - [Vena](#vena)
   - [Sam](#sam)
   - [Hyacinth](#hyacinth)
   - [Koa](#koa)
   - [Joseph](#joseph)
 - [Places](#places)
   - [Tesla Tech](#tesla-tech)
   - [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech)
   - [SaurTech](#saurtech)
   - [Hyacinth's Stores](#hyacinths-stores)
 - [Myths](#myths)
   - [Why Tsunamis Occur](#why-tsunamis-occur)
   - [The Sun and The Moon](#the-sun-and-the-moon)
 - [Saur Math](#saur-math)
   - [Doubling `&`](#doubling)
   - [Sorting `|`](#sorting)
   - [Digiting `#`](#digiting)
   - [Repeating `++`](#repeating)
   - [Addition `+`](#addition)
   - [Subtraction `-`](#subtraction)
   - [Multiplication `×`](#multiplication)
   - [Division `÷`](#division)
 - [Other](#other)
   - [Social Media](#social-media)

# The Saurs

The Saurs are a bunch of rowdy creatures who love to cause trouble! For example, they've probably blown up the Earth at least two times today, no matter what day it is. Maybe more.

There's a Saur for everything! There's [Mudsaur](#mudsaur), who lives in mud, I-eat-turkeys-saur (who eats turkeys), Social-media-saur (who's obsessed with social media), etc. The only Saur who doesn't exist is Everythingsaur.

## Birth

All Saurs born before the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) were born in a Columbia 2000 smoothie mixer with the dial set to 123.5 *exactly*. You toss in a picture of the Saur, a note saying it's name, and papers naming other characteristics. All Saurs born after the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) were born in a Columbia 2001 mixer.

## Opposition Law

The Opposition Law was created by [Mudsaur](#mudsaur) after [Bulba](#bulba), [Ivy](#ivy), [Vena](#vena), [Sam](#sam), and [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) were born. It stated that every Saur's name must be the opposite of what it did.

### Revoking the Opposition Law

The [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) was eventually revoked after a fearsome jail escape by I'm-always-stuck-in-jail-saur. Saurs that were already affected by the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) would continue to be affected by it, but new Saurs would not.

## Honorary Saurs

Sometimes people or animals will be made honorary [Saurs](#the-saurs). These [Saurs](#the-saurs) will not act like normal [Saurs](#the-saurs), and are not affected by the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law). Most honorary Saurs do not add the normal `-saur` suffix to their name.

Some examples of honorary Saurs are [Koa](#koa) and [Joseph](#joseph).

# People

## Mudsaur

Mudsaur is the first Saur. Mudsaur can usually be found in Yellowstone National Park, because there's a lot of mud there made from the bubbling mud pots. However, a part of the spirit of Mudsaur lives in every block of mud ever created. If Mudsaur doesn't get enough mud, he takes some of the hot geyser water and mixes it with dirt to make more mud. Mudsaur originally created the [Opposition Law](#opposition-law) after the other five main Saurs ([Bulba](#bulba), [Ivy](#ivy), [Vena](#vena), [Sam](#sam), and [Hyacinth](#hyacinth)) were created.

## Bulba

Bulba is the second Saur. Unlike most Saurs, he prefers to be called Bulba, without the `-saur` suffix. Bulba used to be the Head at [Tesla Tech](#tesla-tech), then became demoted when they changed to [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech). He again became the Head of [SaurTech](#saurtech) when they changed from [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) to [SaurTech](#saurtech). Now he mainly works in the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision. He came up with [Killing Day](#killing-day), the day that occurs every other Wednesday. Bulba is a Bulbasaur. On [social media](#social-media), Bulba's account name is @bulbabushbush.

Bulba's favorite foods are Italian food, especially spaghetti. He thinks that he can speak Italian by adding `-o` to every English word.

You can view Bulba's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#bulba).

## Ivy

Ivy is the third Saur. Like [Bulba](#bulba), he prefers to be called Ivy, without the suffix. Ivy works as Assistant Manager at the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision of [SaurTech](#saurtech). He came up with [Amnesia Day](#amnesia-day) (every Wednesday) and [Random Comments Day](#random-comments-day) (every Thursday). Ivy is an Ivysaur, and his [social media](#social-media) account name is @IvyAteYou.

Ivy's favorite foods are Mexican foods, especially burritos. He thinks that he can speak Spanish by adding `-a` to the end of every English word.

You can view Ivy's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#ivy).

## Vena

Vena is the fourth Saur. He prefers to be called Vena instead of Venasaur. His [social media](#social-media) account name is @venastompedyou Vena is the fattest saur (except for Fatsaur), weighing well over a googol pounds. Vena works as Manager at the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision of [SaurTech](#saurtech). He's a Venasaur.

Vena's favorite food is coffee. He doesn't like it the way most people do - instead he likes to grind the coffee beans up and eat them without any liquid.

You can view Vena's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#vena).

## Sam

Sam is the fifth Saur. He prefers to be called Sam instead of Samsaur. Sam now works at [Hyacinth's Cheapo Store](#hyacinths-cheapo-store) as a sales clerk. Before that, he founded the [FunDay](#funday) subdivision of [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) and came up with [Stay Home Day](#stay-home-day) (Mondays), [Thank God It's Friday Day](#thank-god-its-friday-day) (Fridays), and [Shopping Day](#shopping-day) (Tuesdays). Sam is a dog, and on [social media](#social-media), he is known as @samthedog.

Sam's favorite foods are sauce (ketchup, mayonnaise), juice (orange juice, cranberry juice) and Goldfish. Sam likes to soak his Goldfish is whatever juice he's drinking, then dip them in the sauce that he's eating.

You can view Sam's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#sam).

## Hyacinth

Hyacinth is the only Saur who never worked at [SaurTech](#saurtech) or [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech). She works at her own company, [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store). She is a WASDP (WASD is her abbreviation for Wild African Spotted Dog, and WASP spells wasp, which Hyacinth wasnts to be so that she can sting people), and she also does certain [impressions](#hyacinths-impressions). Sometimes she thinks she's a pirate! Hyacinth is crazy about [social media](#social-media) and has billions of followers, thanks to her quick [hacking](#hacking), where she made everyone on Twitter and Facebook follow her. Her account name is @HyacinthTheWASDP.

Hyacinth's best friend is [Koa](#koa), and she has another friend, [Joseph](#joseph).

Hyacinth's favorite foods are meat and fish, especially teriyaki and what she calls "giant fishies".

You can view Hyacinth's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#hyacinth).

### Hyacinth's Impressions

Hyacinth does several impressions, including amazing [sphinx impression](#hyacinths-sphinx-impression).

#### Hyacinth's Sphinx Impression

Hyacinth loves to do a sphinx impression, actually ripping opponents to pieces if they get her answer wrong. She usually gives a math question, but it's in the [math of the Saurs](#saur-math), so you're always wrong. Sometimes, she'll say she meant the text '1+1', so that your answer should've been '1+1', not 2 or 11<sup>[?](#addition)</sup>. However, she will let you walk away if needed.

#### Hyacinth's Puppydog Impression

Hyacinth also loves to do a puppydog impression, where she pretends to be a nice puppydog, instead of her usual crazy self. While she's a puppydog, she's either panting (meaning she's tired), whining (meaning she wants chicken), or laying down (when she's napping).

## Koa

Koa is an [honorary Saur](#honorary-saurs). She comes from a wolf preserve. Even though she looks like a wolf, she's actually an octupus. Koa currently works at a cookie factory as a baker. Her [social media](#social-media) name is @KoaLovesCookies. On June 20, Koa lost her memory, but she regained it.

Koa has a brother named [Joseph](#joseph), and her best friend is [Hyacinth](#hyacinth).

Koa's favorite foods are cookies and dumplings.

You can view Koa's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#koa).

## Joseph

Joseph is an [honorary Saur](#honorary-saurs). Like [Koa](#koa), he looks like a wolf. However, Joseph is actually a starfish. Joseph works at a dumpling factory. On [social media](#social-media), he is known as @JosephTheStarfish.

In addition to [Koa](#koa), his sister, Joseph also has a friend named [Hyacinth](#hyacinth).

Joseph's favorite food is sea urchins.

You can view Joseph's journal at [saurs.zsnout.com/journal](/journal#joseph).

# Places

## Tesla Tech

Tesla Tech is the original name of [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) and [SaurTech](#saurtech), and is named after Tesla. It was invented by [Bulba](#bulba) (indirectly). Bulba created a very basic robot out of a car wheel that built another, more advanced robot. That robot created a more advanced bot, and so on. Eventually a robot was able to build an entire car, called a TeslaCar.

## BushBushTech

BushBushTech is the name of [Tesla Tech](#tesla-tech) when they changed [Tesla Tech](#tesla-tech) to also create other technological products, such as phones (the SaurPhone), tablets (the SaurTablet), and computers (the SaurComputr).

## SaurTech

SaurTech is the current name of [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech). The main difference between [BushBushTech](#bushbushtech) and SaurTech is that SaurTech has expanded into the realms other than technology, such as groceries and games. SaurTech has several subdivisions.

### FunDay

FunDay is the division of SaurTech that comes up with fun themes for the day - and gets everyone out of work. Some days they've thought of:

#### Stay Home Day

Stay Home Day occurs every Monday and is the day where everyone stays home from work. [Sam](#sam), the founder of [FunDay](#funday), thought up this day.

#### Shopping Day

Shopping Day occurs every Tuesday, and is the day when everybody goes shopping for new office supplies. Of course, some Saurs shop for other stuff too. [Sam](#sam) came up with this day.

#### Amnesia Day

Amnesia day occurs every Wednesday. On Amnesia Day, everybody forgets what they're supposed to do, and no wok end up getting done. [Ivy](#ivy) thought up the idea for this day.

#### Killing Day

After getting stabbed in the neck by a staple two days in a row, [Bulba](#bulba) came up with the most gruesome day of all, Killing Day. He invented it because he thought it would be nice to have a specified day to kill each other, instead of doing it every day. Killing Day is the day when all Saurs ask for permission to kill each other, and only occurs every other Wednesday.

#### Random Comments Day

Random Comments Day, invented by [Ivy](#ivy), is the only day when Saurs actually work. On Random Comments day, which occurs every Thursday, Saurs will randomly blurt out random comments! Here are some comments:

> "I like chicken hamburgers."

> "I play the guitar with a book."

#### Thank God It's Friday Day

Invented by [Sam](#sam), Thank God It's Friday Day is the day when everyone MUST come to work, but can leave as early as they want. Most Saurs just drive up to the building, touch it, and then go home. As you may have guessed, this day occurs on Friday.

## Hyacinth's Stores

[Hyacinth](#hyacinth) owns a lot of stores. Most of them are either [Rich Guy Stores](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store) or [Cheapo Stores](#hyacinths-cheapo-store)

### Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store

Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store is a store created by [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) where rich people can buy stuff at extremely high prices. Anything you can think of (and can't think of!) is there, except anti-barf pills. Those are not allowed in the store, thanks the fact that they're copyrighted and patented by [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Pharmacy](#hyacinths-rich-guy-pharmacy).

### Hyacinth's Rich Guy Pharmacy

Hyacinth's Rich Guy Pharmacy is a store in many ways like [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store), but it contains all sorts of medical stuff, and doesn't contain [Cheapo Tickets](#cheapo-tickets).

### Hyacinth's Cheapo Store

Hyacinth's Cheapo Store contains the exact same things as [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store), but each item costs 1 cent. Each person can get 5 items from Hyacinth's Cheapo Store each day. However, one can purchase [Cheapo Tickets](#cheapo-tickets) at [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store) to get more items from Hyacinth's Cheapo Store.

#### Cheapo Tickets

Cheapo Tickets allow people to get more than 5 items from [Hyacinth's Cheapo Store](#hyacinths-cheapo-store) each day. You can buy them at [Hyacinth's Rich Guy Store](#hyacinths-rich-guy-store) for $2 billion per ticket. Each ticket allows a person to buy 100 items at [Hyacinth's Cheapo Store](#hyacinths-cheapo-store).

# Myths

The Saurs have all sorts of myths, just like most civilizations. Here are some of them!

## Why Tsunamis Occur

Have you ever wondered why tsunamis occur?

A tsunami occurs when Venasaur steps into the ocean. He displaces so much water that the water turns into a gigantic wave and comes towards the beach, turning into a tsunami.

## The Sun and The Moon

Do you know how the Sun and the Moon got into the sky?

One day [Ivy](#ivy) was chasing lamps (why, I have no idea), and he chased one into the sky. The lamp tried to make itself incredibly big and bright to attempt to blind [Ivy](#ivy). It eventually became so big and bright that it *did* blind [Ivy](#ivy)! By this time it was all the way up in the sky, where the Sun is now.

[Ivy](#ivy) wandered blindly back to Earth and as he did, his head hit a gigantic silver bowling ball, bigger that an average mountain! It started rolling across the Earth. The bowling ball kept bumping over mountains and getting huge craters in it. Finally, it hit a mountain bigger than the ball itself, and the ball rolled up the mountain and into the sky, where the Moon is now.

# Saur Math

[The Saurs](#the-saurs) have their own kind of math, which includes additional operations, [doubling](#doubling), [flipping](#flipping), and [digiting](#digiting). Here's how to do their math!

> In order to use human math, prefix an operator's symbol with `@`, or place the expression inside the `@()` function or `human()` function. Ex: `2 + 3 = 23`, but `2 @+ 3 = @(2 + 3) = 5`.
> 
> To force Saur math, prefix an operator's symbol with `!@`, or place the expression inside the `!@()` function or `saur()`. Ex: `2 !@+ 3 = !@(2 + 3) = 23`.

## Doubling `&`

We'll use `344.7 & 0.7` as an example.
 
 1. Line up all numbers.
 ```
 344.7
   0.7
 ```
 
 2. If a digit occurs in in each row, in a fixed column, replace it with two of the same digit.
 ```
 344.77
   0.77
 ```
 
 3. Done!

> Note that doubling returns several numbers, not one.

### Saying It

#### For Two Numbers

 - I'm doubling 34 and 72.
 - I'm doubling 34 by 72.
 - Double 34 and 72.
 - Double 34 by 72.

#### For More Than Two Numbers

 - I'm doubling 67, 83, and 5.
 - I'm doubling 67 by 83 and 5.
 - I'm doubling 67 by 83 and by 5.
 - Double 67, 83, and 5.
 - Double 67 by 83 and 5.
 - Double 67 by 83 and by 5.

## Sorting `|`

We'll use `236 | 4619 | 179` as an example.
 
 1. Line up all numbers with their right sides on the right.
 ```
  236
 4619
  179
 ```
 
 2. Add `0`s as placeholders where there are blank spots.
 ```
 0236
 4619
 0179
 ```
 
 3. In each column, sort the digits from highest to lowest, top to bottom.
 ```
 4679
 0239
 0116
 ```
 
 4. Remove zeroes from the left side of the whole part and the right of the decimal part.
 ```
 4679
  239
  116
 ```
 
 5. Done!

> Note that sorting returns several numbers, not one.

### Saying It

#### For Two Numbers

 - I'm flipping 34 and 72.
 - I'm flipping 34 by 72.
 - Flip 34 and 72.
 - Flip 34 by 72.

#### For More Than Two Numbers

 - I'm flipping 67, 83, and 5.
 - I'm flipping 67 by 83 and 5.
 - I'm flipping 67 by 83 and by 5.
 - Flip 67, 83, and 5.
 - Flip 67 by 83 and 5.
 - Flip 67 by 83 and by 5.

## Digiting `#`

We'll use `2573.89#2` as an example.

 1. Define `digit` to be the number after the `#` mark. (`2`)
 2. Define `number` to be the number before the `#` mark. (`2573.89`)

The `#` operation returns the `digit`th digit in `number`, with the ones place (3 in `2573.89`) being the `0`th place, the tens place being the `1`st place, etc. The first digit after the decimal point is the `-1`st place, the second digit after the decimal point is the `-2`th place, etc.

In our example, we would get the `2`nd digit of `2573.89`, which is `5`.

### Saying It

 - I'm taking the 2nd digit of 826.4.
 - Take the 2nd digit of 826.4.

## Repeating `++`

We'll use `23 ++ 4` as an example.

 1. Define `number` to be the number before the `++`. (`23`)
 2. Define `times` to be the number after the `++`, with the decimal removed (23.56 => 23). (`4`)
   - If `times <= 0`, the `++` operation returns `0`.
 
 4. Repeat `number` `times` times. (`23232323`)
 5. Done!

> Note that if `number` is `0`, repeat it but DO NOT REDUCE to `0` until the problem is over. For example, `0 ++ 3` is `000`, which reduces to `0`, but `1 + (0 ++ 3)` is `1000`.

### Saying It

 - I'm repeating 23 4 times.
 - Repeat 23 4 times.

## Addition `+`

We'll use `4267 + 365` as an example.

 1. [Double](#doubling) all numbers.
 ```
 42667
  3665
 ```
 
 2. Shove all the numbers together.
 ```
 426,673,665
 ```
 
 3. Done!

> Note that `a + b` does NOT equal `b + a`, and `a + b + c` does NOT equal `(a + b) + c`.

## Subtraction `-`

We'll use `9432 - 27342 - 342` as an example.

 1. [Sort](#sorting) all numbers.
 ```
 29442
  7342
   332
 ```
 
 2. Remove all numbers except the top and bottom numbers.
 ```
 29442
   332
 ```
 
 3. In each column, subtract the top digit by the bottom digit.
 ```
 29110
 ```
 
 4. Done!

> Note that `a - b = b - a`, and `a - b - c` equals `c - a - b`, but `(a - b) - c` does NOT equal `a - b - c`.

## Multiplication `×`

We'll use `684 × 3782` as an example.

 1. [Sort](#sorting) all numbers.
 ```
 3784
  682
 ```
 
 2. Take the topmost number.
 ```
 3784
 ```
 
 3. Done!

## Division `÷` `/`

We'll use `684 ÷ 3782` as an example.

 1. [Sort](#sorting) all numbers.
 ```
 3784
  682
 ```
 
 2. Take the bottommost number.
 ```
 682
 ```
 
 3. Done!

# Other

## Social Media

Social media is very important to the Saurs, especially [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) (@HyacinthTheWASDP). [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) has started several social media trends, her most notable one being the [#ISmellChicken](#the-ismellchicken-trend) trend.

### The \#ISmellChicken Trend

The #ISmellChicken trend was started by [Hyacinth](#hyacinth), or @HyacinthTheWASDP. The trend is where a person, animal, or Saur will attempt to sniff out a fast food resturant from 10 miles away, blinded. [Hyacinth](#hyacinth) has promised 10 [Cheapo Tickets](#cheapo-tickets) to whoever can succesfully complete the challenge. Several Saurs have tried, but most end up bumping into trees or falling off cliffs.
